Yes accessories to introduce Hello everybody today
It will be here.
I was introduced Hakuko the other day in the Mofi is I was the guy to say the 10 Supakueri
Click here for juice pack air first door that is Yea what is different named
Roughly but I know two
First point
Compared to that helium, this pair has a battery capacity of 1700 milliamps
There is an increase of 200 ma
That's about 80% to 85%
It has been increased now of charging can indeed capacity I have Do of Dechotto another Niño
It's a button Here's a physical button, so far He 's exposed to helium
It was in the form of becoming defeated
When this button is attached
It has become a battery integrated case
The capacity has been increased by
Thats I think became the magnitude or else greater Sodesune'
It really was just that and said, after all of Kotobuki work the air in the neighborhood about
Thin almost the last introduction to the air I do not Toka helium
Judge one person how hot it is
I was just saying that the weight was also up 5g
The dream 1 yen ball 5 before it will not change at all if it is g
I do not feel that I think it is dark
Carl r Ntto use actual network there or Jan evil-ish went with iphone
3 gs e chocolatier sat n 2 type case and r such
Feeling
Hmm
Will be charged to this Datte that 80%
Preservation
D'isle c's are iphone's by letting you burn here without distracting
It can be charging or charging up to this case at the same time .
And is I'm glad it something Come and can be charged of thinks and body and whether the only charge of the case
Even if you think only
Strange also can be charged yeah yeah
Parka bad taste apple product or limited dishbuster
This is also I property Masu well is also the Toka ipod nano until now
Boo Boo
Although the price does not change, it seems that the princess has already paid directly
I know you do
Two pictures are written
So you can make money to buy this
I will bother to fundraising Nante softening glad q come sputum or say parentheses this hit
Hey
Part 5 of the case type path take up any slack is good
With the usually doing good anymore even this I use a good Nekkondake
I also Please check I went into care
It is 1700 ma